README.md, before:

## Skeleton

[![Build Status][icon-travis]][link-travis]
[![Software License][icon-license]][link-license]
[![Latest Version on Packagist][icon-version]][link-packagist]
[![Total Downloads][icon-downloads]][link-packagist]

The package description goes here.

This package requires PHP 7.0+ and follows the FIG standards [PSR-1][link-psr-1], [PSR-2][link-psr-2] and [PSR-4][link-psr-4] to ensure a high level of interoperability between shared PHP.

## Documentation

Reader-friendly documentation can be found [here][link-docs].

Using the package, but you're stuck? Found a bug? Have a question or suggestion for improving this package? Feel free to create an issue on GitHub, we'll try to address it as soon as possible.

## Change Log

Please refer to the [Change Log](CHANGELOG.md) for a full history of the project.

## Contributing & Protocols

- [Versioning](CONTRIBUTING.md#versioning)
- [Coding Standards](CONTRIBUTING.md#coding-standards)
- [Pull Requests](CONTRIBUTING.md#pull-requests)
- [Proposals](CONTRIBUTING.md#proposals)

## Security

If you discover any security related issues, please email hello@werxe.com instead of using the issue tracker.

## License

`werxe/skeleton` is licenced under the MIT License (MIT). Please see the [license file](LICENSE) for more information.

[link-docs]:      https://oss.werxe.com/skeleton/1.x
[link-psr-1]:     http://www.php-fig.org/psr/psr-1/
[link-psr-2]:     http://www.php-fig.org/psr/psr-2/
[link-psr-4]:     http://www.php-fig.org/psr/psr-4/
[link-travis]:    https://travis-ci.org/werxe/skeleton
[link-license]:   https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
[link-packagist]: https://packagist.org/packages/werxe/skeleton

[icon-travis]:    https://img.shields.io/travis/werxe/skeleton.svg?style=flat-square
[icon-license]:   https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/werxe/skeleton.svg?style=flat-square
[icon-version]:   https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/werxe/skeleton.svg?style=flat-square
[icon-downloads]: https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/werxe/skeleton.svg?style=flat-square

Commit message:

chore: Add testing area to readme.
Signed-off-by: Bruno Gaspar <brunofgaspar1@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

## Skeleton

[![Build Status][icon-travis]][link-travis]
[![Software License][icon-license]][link-license]
[![Latest Version on Packagist][icon-version]][link-packagist]
[![Total Downloads][icon-downloads]][link-packagist]

The package description goes here.

This package requires PHP 7.0+ and follows the FIG standards [PSR-1][link-psr-1], [PSR-2][link-psr-2] and [PSR-4][link-psr-4] to ensure a high level of interoperability between shared PHP.

## Documentation

Reader-friendly documentation can be found [here][link-docs].

Using the package, but you're stuck? Found a bug? Have a question or suggestion for improving this package? Feel free to create an issue on GitHub, we'll try to address it as soon as possible.

## Change Log

Please refer to the [Change Log](CHANGELOG.md) for a full history of the project.

## Testing

You can run the tests with:

```bash
vendor/bin/phpunit
```

## Contributing & Protocols

- [Versioning](CONTRIBUTING.md#versioning)
- [Coding Standards](CONTRIBUTING.md#coding-standards)
- [Pull Requests](CONTRIBUTING.md#pull-requests)
- [Proposals](CONTRIBUTING.md#proposals)

## Security

If you discover any security related issues, please email hello@werxe.com instead of using the issue tracker.

## License

`werxe/skeleton` is licenced under the MIT License (MIT). Please see the [license file](LICENSE) for more information.

[link-docs]:      https://oss.werxe.com/skeleton/1.x
[link-psr-1]:     http://www.php-fig.org/psr/psr-1/
[link-psr-2]:     http://www.php-fig.org/psr/psr-2/
[link-psr-4]:     http://www.php-fig.org/psr/psr-4/
[link-travis]:    https://travis-ci.org/werxe/skeleton
[link-license]:   https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
[link-packagist]: https://packagist.org/packages/werxe/skeleton

[icon-travis]:    https://img.shields.io/travis/werxe/skeleton.svg?style=flat-square
[icon-license]:   https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/werxe/skeleton.svg?style=flat-square
[icon-version]:   https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/werxe/skeleton.svg?style=flat-square
[icon-downloads]: https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/werxe/skeleton.svg?style=flat-square
